Document MDC log correlation support (#724)
jaegertracing/jaeger-client-java: jaeger-core/README.md

    .withMetricsFactory(metricsReporter)
    .build();
```
### Log Correlation

> The Jaeger Java Client also provides log correlation support by configuring the logging context (MDC)
> with the following variables:
>   
> trace id - %{traceId}  
> span id  - %{spanId}  
> sampled  - %{sampled}  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Jaeger Java Client supports log correlation by updating the logging context (MDC) with three variables: `traceId`, `spanId`, `sampled`.
```

To accomplish that Jaegar Tracer should be created with the following two steps:

> 1. Create the MDCScopeManager using either default names:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create the MDCScopeManager using either default MDC field names:
```

   ```java
    MDCScopeManager scopeManager = new MDCScopeManager.Builder().build()
    ```
    Or by providing optional custom names:
    
    ```java
    MDCScopeManager scopeManager = new MDCScopeManager
                                   .Builder()
                                   .withMDCTraceIdKey("CustomTraceId")
                                   .withMDCSampledKey("customSampled")
                                   .withMDCSpanIdKey("customSpanId")
                                   .build();
    ```
2. Create the Jaegar Tracer by supplying the MDCScopeManager created step 1:
```java
JaegerTracer.Builder("serviceName").withScopeManager(scopeManager).build();	

> ```

Reviewer: I would also add that the log formatter must be configured to include MDC fields in the output. Show example of the formatter for, say, log4j, and include a sample output log line.

Author: Thanks for the feedback!
